js_fetch_data_advanced_DOM: Cypress tests added (#8)
mate-academy/js_fetch_data_advanced_DOM: README.md

The main goal of this task is an advanced using of Promises.

Create next functions:

> - `getFirstReceivedDetails` which takes array of phone's ID and `resolves` with the first receiving detail (the fastest response NOT the first in the list). Ignore the other responses;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getFirstReceivedDetails` which takes array of phone's ID and `resolves` with the first received detail (the fastest response NOT the first in the list). Ignore the other responses;
```

- `getAllSuccessfulDetails` which takes array of phones' IDs and `resolves` with an array of all successfully received details (errors should be ignored).

(optional) `getThreeFastestDetails` which takes array of phones IDs and `resolves` with an array of the details for the first 3 responses (the fastest).

Hints: 
- You have to use DOM to notify users about resolved or rejected promises. 

> - Your elements should have classes `first-received` and `all-successful`.

Reviewer: What elements are we referring to?

Author: added that it should be div elements

> - Your <div> elements with phones should have classes `first-received` and `all-successful`.

Reviewer: What <div> elements? Where are they coming from?

- Each <div> element should have <h3> headings with `First Received` or `All Successful` text;

> - Names of phones should be in <h4> headings and uppercase;
> - All IDs should be in <li> elements.

Reviewer: You are not really using h4 in your tests.
```suggestion
- All IDs and names of phones should be inside of  <li> elements.
```
